Bluetooth: Add sdk-zephyr release notes for recent upmerges (#3839)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-latest.rst

    * Fixed and improved an issue where a connection event closed too early when more data could have been sent in the same connection event.
    * Fixed missing slave latency cancellation when initiating control procedures.
      Connection terminations are faster now.

>     * Added experimental support for non-connectable scannable Extended Advertising with 255 byte PDU (without chaining and privacy support).
>     * Added experimental support for connectable non-scannable Extended Advertising with 255 byte PDU (without chaining and privacy support).
>     * Added experimental support for non-connectable non-scannable Extended Advertising with 255 byte PDU (without chaining).
>     * Added experimental support for non-connectable scannable Extended Advertising with 255 byte PDU (without chaining).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Added experimental support for non-connectable scannable Extended Advertising with 255 byte PDU (without chaining and privacy support).
    * Added experimental support for connectable non-scannable Extended Advertising with 255 byte PDU (without chaining and privacy support).
    * Added experimental support for non-connectable non-scannable Extended Advertising with 255 byte PDU (without chaining and privacy support).
```

    * Added experimental support for Extended Scanning with duration and period parameters (without active scanning for scan response or chained PDU).
    * Added experimental support for Periodic Advertising and Periodic Advertising Synchronization Establishment.

  * Bluetooth Host:
    * Added an API to unregister scanner callbacks.

>     * Fixed an issue where ATT activity after the ATT timeout has expired led to invalid memory access.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Fixed an issue where ATT activity after the ATT time-out has expired led to invalid memory access.
```
